hey guys going on goggle up here welcome
back to call of duty weekly episode
number nine it's been a while but we've
got some great videos to talk about
today and hopefully you guys enjoyed
this week's episode week so be sure to
sit back grab a bowl of popcorn and
enjoy the show alright guys as always we
start things off with the top dogs we've
got one of my favorite commentators
tmart he's doing another episode of
model or 42 101 basically where he just
gives you guys little tips and tricks
it's basically class in sessions so you
guys gonna go check this out you guys
are going to learn a lot from in this
episode it's it's episode 13 he thought
about the strong-side maneuver and I
have no fucking idea what that is but I
team are does and I'm sure it's gonna
help you guys this game so go check it
out I learn something new and i'm sure
you guys will too so I go over there and
that enjoy next up we've got trout 91
doing a black ops teaser analysis trail
just released a black ops multiplayer
teaser which you guys be able to check
out at the end of this video but uh try
was kind of breaking it down analyzing
step-by-step scene by scene kind of i
just kind of given his impression of
what is going to be in call of duty
black ops it's about a 12-minute video
but it's fantastic you guys are gonna
learn a lot of stuff about the game and
he's really you know it's just breaking
it down and trying to figure out what is
going to be in the upcoming game and so
you guys gotta go check it out
definitely enjoy it because i know i did
and you guys won't be disappointed
because trout is up legend this is the
only the second time i have put this in
Call of Duty weekly but it is a top play
of the week this this top leg goes to
ducky HD he gets ayy rape ladder shot on
search and destroy this thing is
disgusting and it just it goes well with
the kind of the commentary fad lately
we've got sm DS we got bendre we got
dunk is all talking about why why rape
bladder shop 360 noscope collab
old poopa JH I don't even know something
with YY rape shot in it and this is
exactly what it is so check this one out
are you camping next up we've got the
up-and-coming commentators we've got
three for this week's episode first one
is jay z's playing some domination on
sub base just beatin up on some modern
warfare two go check out this video this
guy's got some fantastic come to really
like this guy's he's funny he's a
serious got real talk and you know he's
just enjoyable to listen to so
definitely go check it out and let me
know what you guys think next up we've
got raw instinct he's kind of given his
impressions on the black ops teasers
well but he's playing some model 42 on
favela I think it's a game of domination
so you guys can go and kind of listen to
what his impressions are on the video
and you know you guys can kind of
compare with his leave a comment maybe
if you agree with him if you disagree
but definitely go over there check out
the video and let him know what you guys
think about it I last but certainly not
least on the up and coming section we've
got rad Brad he's putting out a video on
model 42 on vacant where he's getting a
tactical nuke with a pretty interesting
setup and this guy's commentary is
fantastic if you guys know onslaught
he's on slots buddy and they kind of
have the same kind of commentating style
I guess I don't know if they go about
their videos the same way but with the
way they talk the way to communicate the
really tackling inclined and you know
they're just going to help you guys out
in the long run so definitely go check
out this guy's video and Tom Goldie sent
you montage of the week my favorite
section this week's montage goes to
invade by rob's HD put out a great model
142 bugs are just kind of a mini Taj
it's really short
shit what am I saying it's kind of a
short but it's great it's got editing
gameplay I mean music obviously that's a
montage but all those things are just
fantastic you guys will love it I'm go
check it out and be sure to let me know
what you guys think in the comments
section and dumb gold et cetera got two
honorable mentions for this week number
one is agent green he's kind of
comparing hardscoping quicks going
plaguing some Search and Destroy on
quarry the reason i like this guy is
he's just like that guy who camps um you
know I don't know I swear to god it's
the same person you guys go over here
listen to his voice it's got to be that
guy who camps on a different account the
voice is the exact same they talked the
same they they say the same things and
they're both they're both amazing
players so go check it out and you know
enjoy another honorable mention is mad
verte y put out a search-and-destroy
montage this thing is great I definitely
go check it out he's got a lot of quick
little videos that are enjoyable you
know best killcams clutches if I
definitely like this guy's channel he's
got a wide range of videos I didn't find
a commentary so that's kind of what
you're looking for this might not be it
but if you're looking for you know guys
who post up some good gameplay maybe
some cool killcams here and there
definitely go check them out because you
gotta take a look at it it's sweet as
always we end up with the conclusion of
the wrap up you guys can check out
everything I talked about today over
here to the right of me I just click on
the annotation will take you the video
and then you can come back and watch
whatever else you wanted to check out
but this time I got three things I need
to talk about with you guys number one
is black ops the multiplayer teaser is
out and i love it it's it looks great
they took a lawful model or two that I
think they should have and I think this
kind of be a new addition to the club
weekly at the end I'm just gonna kind of
talk about some of the things that I I
want to talk about but um it looks good
I'm really liking it I can't wait till
September first from the guys released
the full multiplayer info I guess maybe
they'll even be releasing the beta then
but if they do you guys know where to
come I'm gonna have all the stuff you
guys gonna need
and yeah so definitely if you have not
checked this teaser the link will be in
the description don't enjoy it you will
love it um those you who do not know I
started a podcast with smds bendre dunk
asst and our newly added member as of
tonight we're going to be filming for
you anger is baby episode 2 we've got
hutch on the podcast that's right hutch
and he's not just the guest it's gonna
be a full-time host so there's gonna be
five of us and it's going to be a good
time you guys gonna have to go check it
out you know I'm gonna put the info for
the UN graves are the you ain't grizz
baby episode number one in the in the
description down below and you guys can
go check out that video you can you can
then sub to the podcast in itunes and so
it automatically downloads whenever we
upload one so definitely go check it out
it's a great podcast with us and it's a
good time you know we should sit back
talk about pretty much wherever we want
and be on the lookout for episode 2
which should be coming out either
tonight or tomorrow but i'll let you
guys know and if you guys notice all
these random pictures of a beautiful
woman popping up on my channel we've got
Lauren random is her is her YouTube
channel she's kind of a v lager / girl
gamer but um you guys should definitely
check out our channel she does some
interesting things and she's good friend
of mine so I thought I'd give her kind
of a subliminal shout-out in my call
duty weekly but definitely go check her
out and you know let her know the goalie
sent you and that about wraps it up guys
thank you guys for checking out call
duty weekly my name is goldglove and
until next time you ain't grizz baby